Fix map "The snake" and enable overriding crucial map settings from LUA (#1683)
Return-To-The-Roots/s25client: doc/lua/functions.md

**GetHQPos()**  
Return x,y of the players HQ

**PlaceHQ(x, y)**  
Places this player's headquarters at map location {x, y}.  

> Does nothing if the player already has a valid headquarters position (e.g. set by the map or using a previous PlaceHQ call).

Reviewer: See below.

```suggestion
Does nothing if the player already has an existing headquarter (e.g. set by the map or using a previous PlaceHQ call).
```

Maybe even remove the part in the parentheses
